someone in there no this is just part of
a daredevil game that I play called wait
until the last moment before I burst and
die cheese man did you fall hi
so uh did you did you fall hi I was in
the ladies room I couldn't wait I left a
lid up for you though huh
you know what together key goal of go
ahead I'm talking to this is part where
you'd say your name ginger ginger I'm
talking to ginger so don't you have to
use the bathroom
nope no I just I'd rather talk to you
and yes I do yes I do have to go to the
bathroom someone in here
hi Hey
okay for this my milks gone bad oh I
hate that I once had a thing a
half-and-half stole my car so on how was
your date with ginger great hmm he was
great she's uh she's great great-looking
great personality she's greatness sounds
like she's got the whole package Joey
told you about the leg huh
Oh God it freaked me out okay I know it
shouldn't have but it did I mean I like
her I don't want to stop seeing her but
every so often it's like hey you know
what where's your leg I mean I'm the
smallest person in the world aren't I
I'm the smallest person in the world
Lauren actually he's the smallest person
in the world who heard about the leg
burning huh it came up listen Maya I
know it's a long shot but by any chance
did she find that funny you're thinking
about my leg aren't you no actually I
forgot what is the deal with that again
that's okay if it bothers you really I
mean the only thing I need to know is
how much it bothers you because I don't
like wasting my time am I wasting my
time no no I don't think so okay it's
just like anything else you just have to
get used to it mmm
what's that that's that's my nubbin
what's in the oven
mmm it's kind of a third nipple kind of
thing do three nipples well you know two
regulars and one that barely qualifies
hmm uh what nothing and I I just
remembered have to leave you uh you have
to you have to leave now
how come oh well it's not been nothing
um I'll see you later where are you if
you pick the doctor is everything okay
oh yes just had me a little nubbin
ectomy
yeah two nipples no waiting like Rachel
in high school giddy who is such an
obvious joke
that wasn't obvious joke and I didn't
think of it why didn't I think of it the
source of all my powers oh dear god what
have I done
you